How come?
It must be Lord Jianzun's mobile phone lost.
He found Lord Sword Venerable's cell phone
Then pretend to be Lord Sword Lord
It's not impossible
Lord Jianzun, the dragon sees the head but not the tail
Even the people of the Kowloon Hall can only hold their fingers
Several people have seen him
Usually through his phone number
Take orders
Hahahaha
There you go.
Otherwise, he is Lord Jianjun
Then I am the Jade Emperor
It seems that his words are too high
He fooled us all.
Say
Did you pick up the surveillance?
Lots of phone calls, Mr. Li
Let me kill him, don't worry
Your name is Zunlong, right?
Looks like I have to give an order
Send you back to the beast room of the headquarters
Put you in a glacier prison
Hahahaha
Just because you picked up the phone and ordered me
Do you think I will obey?
I advise you to go back with me and entertain clearly
Otherwise, I will arrest you with my own hands and go back to Kowloon Hall to ask for understanding.
Why don't we report it to the sheriff's office?
Let the sheriff's department check his identity
Isn't the resume clear?
Yes, you must report to the security bureau
We must not allow such criminals
Be a caught fish
Okay, I'll report it.
Like if I give you one last chance
Did you admit it yourself?
Or should I report to the public security to arrest you? You're welcome.
Then you go and report it?
I'm waiting to catch me
Do you think I dare not?
I'll call him now.
Hello
We have people here posing as heroes of our country
Your Honor
criminal violation